Add LTI 1.1 config handler for the /lti11/config route (#67)
jupyterhub/ltiauthenticator: README.md

- The **config_description** setting:
- The **config_icon** setting:
- The **config_title** setting:

| LTI Authenticator Configuration Setting | Required | Description                                                              | Default                            |
| --------------------------------------- | -------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ---------------------------------- |
| config_description                      | No       | The LTI 1.1 external tool description                                    | `JupyterHub LTI 1.1 external tool` |
| config_icon                             | No       | The http/s URL with the LTI 1.1 icon                                     | `nil`                              |
| config_title                            | No       | The LTI 1.1 external tool Title                                          | `JupyterHub`                       |
| consumers                               | Yes      | The key/value pair that represents the client key and shared secret      | `{}`                               |

> | username_key                            | No       | The LTI 1.1 launch parameter that contains the JupyterHub username value | `canvas_custom_user_id`            |

Reviewer: This section is confusing to me.

1. "There are two configuration values to define with LTI 1.1:"
   I wonder both about "two" and "to define". Is the user required to set two values? Then why do I only see one listed as required in the table below?
2. There is a bullet list table, followed by a markdown formatted table and both include the same things. I assume the bullet list table should be removed as an outdated duplicate.

Author: You're right, I goofed and had left the bullets in there by mistake. Only the table is documented now.

#### LTI 1.1 Configuration XML Settings

The LTI 1.1 configuration XML settings are available at `/lti11/config` endpoint. Some LMS vendors accept XML and/or URLs that render the configuration XML to simplify the LTI 1.1 External Tool installation process.

You may customize these settings with the `config_*` configuration options described in the [common configuration settings](#common-configuration-settings) section.

#### Custom Configuration with JupyterHub's Helm Chart

If you are running **JupyterHub within a Kubernetes Cluster**, deployed using helm, you need to supply the client key & shared secret with the `lti.consumers` key. The example below also demonstrates how customize the `lti.username_key` to set the user's email as the JupyterHub username and the `lti.config_icon` to define a custom external tool icon when using the LTI 1.1 configuration XML endpoint:

```yaml

> # Custom config for JupyterHub's helm chart
> auth:
>   type: "lti"
>   lti:
>     consumers: { "client-key": "client-secret" }
>     username_key: "lis_person_contact_email_primary"
>     config_icon: "https://my.static.assets/img/icon.jpg"

Reviewer: The documentation above is outdated, it should be like this since ~0.10.X or 0.11.X i think, and the chart is now at 1.1.3.

```suggestion
# Custom config for JupyterHub's helm chart
hub:
  config:
    # Additional documentation related to authentication and authorization available at
    # https://zero-to-jupyterhub.readthedocs.io/en/latest/administrator/authentication.html
    JupyterHub:
      authenticator_class: lti
    LTI11Authenticator:
      consumers: { "client-key": "client-secret" }
      username_key: "lis_person_contact_email_primary"
      config_icon: "https://my.static.assets/img/icon.jpg"
```

Author: Corrected.

```

> > _Note_: all settings available with the `jupyterhub-ltiauthenticator` package are available with the `lti` key when defining a custom config for the JupyterHub helm chart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> _Note_: Configuring for example `hub.config.LTI11Authenticator.username_key=lis_person_contact_email_primary` above is the same as in a `jupyterhub_config.py writing `c.LTI11Authenticator.username_key = lis_person_contact_email_primary`.
```

## Using LTIAuthenticator

### Common Configuration Settings

Due to the fact that LTI 1.1 is an open standard LMS vendors that adhere to the LTI 1.1 standard utilize the same configuration settings when integrating with an external tool. Some of these settings are included in a configuration endpoint to facilitate the JupyterHub's as an external tool with your LMS.

Start by following the steps below to configure your JupyterHub setup with the basic settings. Then, navigate to your LMS vendor's section to complete the installation and configuration steps.

**Note**: if you LMS is not listed feel free to send us a PR with instructions for this new LMS.

> 1.  Create a _client key_ and _client secret_ for use by edX to authenticate your hub. Open up any command line:

Reviewer: This mentions edX while under a common system section.

    1.  Run `openssl rand -hex 32` and save the output. This will be your LTI Client **Key**.
    2.  Run `openssl rand -hex 32` and save the output. This will be your LTI Client **Secret**.

Now we will use these strings to allow edX and JupyterHub to authenticate each other.

_Note_: These commands will simply generate strings for you, it will not store them anywhere on the computer. Therefore you do not need to run these commands on your JupyterHub server--we will be supplying them manually in the next few steps.

> _Note_: Anyone with these two strings will be able to access your hub, so keep them secure!!

Reviewer: These relate to the section and should be indented.

> 4.  By default, the user's name will be the `custom_canvas_user_id` passed in by canvas. If you

Reviewer: Numbering is now weird, you can use 1. at all time to let the rendered markdown figure out the numbers to avoid these kinds of troubles.

    is available to help. Your LMS provider might also implement custom keys
    you can use.

- **consumers**: the value for the LTI 1.1 configuration consumer key and shared secret created in Step 1 of [the common configuration settings section](#common-configuration-settings).

> - **username_key**: the value for the LTI 1.1 configuration XML description.

Reviewer: Comments that seem to relate to the above configuration step in the main bullet point list, so should perhaps be indented also?

2. By default, the user's name will be the `custom_canvas_user_id` passed in by canvas. If you would like to use some other bit of information from the LTI request, you can pick what should be used as the user id.

```python
# Set the user's email as their user id
c.LTIAuthenticator.username_key = 'lis_person_contact_email_primary'
```

A [partial list of keys in an LTI request](https://www.edu-apps.org/code.html#params)
is available to help. Your LMS provider might also implement custom keys
you can use.

3. If you are running **Jupyterhub within a Kubernetes Cluster**, deployed using helm, you need to supply the client key & secret via the chart yaml configuration.

config.yaml:

```yaml
    auth:
      type: "lti"
      lti:
          consumers: {
              "client-key"": "client-secret"
              }

> ```

Reviewer: Indentation inconsistencies and double an uneven amount of `"` used making it invalid yaml.
